this is my instant impression of the
Triumph Street Triple R in just a couple
of words this bike is fabulous it's
light its nimble its agile the the
steering on this thing is almost
telepathic you just think about where
you want to go and the bike just goes it
has a hundred and five horsepower which
really for riding on the street is more
than enough and only 420 pounds it's
obviously a very light motorcycle so
with a power-to-weight ratio of
four-to-one
you're gonna have a lot of fun on this
bike now the Street Triple R is one step
up above the base model street triple
and there's just a few changes in here
that separate the two number one is that
the suspension both front and back are
adjustable on the Street Triple R in the
front you can adjust the forks for
compression and rebound and on the
spring in the back you can you can
adjust the rebound on that it allows you
to tune the ride just a little bit more
to your style and adjust for your weight
also on the arm model it has four piston
calipers up front versus two piston
calipers which obviously is going to
give you a little bit better feel when
you stop now the difference in price
between the two isn't all that much it's
eighty nine hundred dollars for the
standard model and ninety seven hundred
dollars for the R model so for less than
a thousand dollars that difference in
price you really should step up to the
arm I'll just for the butter brakes and
the adjustable suspension overall this
bike is really really a lot of fun to
ride it doesn't matter whether you're
cruising along on this two-lane roads at
forty to sixty miles an hour where this
bike is really in its element especially
if it gets a little bit twisty it just
seems very natural at that speed even on
the highway and it has no wind
protection on it you can go 70 80 miles
an hour and there's no wind buffeting
it's very comfortable to ride because
the seating position is so natural just
a little bit of weight on your wrist to
lean you forward to to push you into the
wind and when your foot feet are up on
the pegs it's a very natural position
just to sit in and you can do several
hundred miles on this bike in a day
no problems there are a couple little
things that are niggling at us just a
little bit we could fix with just a few
aftermarket parts number one because
this bike is a 675 CC triple it has a
little bit of a vibration to it and it
comes through in the handlebars and in
the foot pegs now that's something you
can fix very easy to get rid of it it's
not obnoxious it's not bad it's just a
little bit annoying the other thing that
we'd like to maybe look at is the
padding in the seat it's a comfortable
seat but after about a hundred miles or
so
the padding starts to break down a
little bit it's not uncomfortable but
you just begin to know you didn't begin
to notice it a little bit and that's
easily fixed with an aftermarket seat
but overall we really like this bike a
lot it has enough power to be fun but
not too much where you don't just not
using all of it it's it's great for a
commuter bike and we really think you
should go out and test ride one of these
things if you can and you really be
surprised how good this bike is